MAINT Move `DistanceMetric` under `metrics` (#21177)
scikit-learn/scikit-learn: doc/whats_new/v1.1.rst

  message when the solver does not support sparse matrices with int64 indices.
  :pr:`21093` by `Tom Dupre la Tour`_.

:mod:`sklearn.metrics`
......................

- |API| :class:`metrics.DistanceMetric` has been moved from
  :mod:`sklearn.neighbors` to :mod:`sklearn.metric`.
  Using :class:`neighbors.DistanceMetric` for imports is still valid for

>   backward compatibility, but this interface will be removed in 1.2.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  backward compatibility, but this alias will be removed in 1.3.
```
